class BankAccount:
    def__init__(self,
account_number,
account_holder_name,
initial_balance):
        self._account_number =
account_number
self._account_holder_name=
account _holder_name
         self._account_blance
=initial_balance
   def desposit(self, amount):
       if amount >0:
self._account_balance+=
amount
            printf(f"Deposited
${amount}. New balance: $
{self._account_balance: $
        else:
            printf("Invalid
deposit amount  please enter a
positive amount.")
    def withdraw(self,
amount):
       if amount>0and
amount <=
self _account_ balance-=
amount
            print(f"Withdrew $
{amount}. New balance:$
{self._account_ balance}")
        elif amount <=0:
             print("Invalid
withdrewal amount. Please
enter a positive amount.")
        else:
printf("Insufficient funds for 
withdrawal.")
    def display_balance(self):
        print(f"Account
Holder:
{self._account_holder_name}")
        printf(f"Account
Number:
{self._account_holder_name}")
        print(f"Account
Balance: $
{self._account_balance}")
#Creating an instance of the 
BankAccount class
account=
BankAccount("1234567890",
"John Doe", 1000.0)
#Testing deposit and
withdrawal functionality
account.display_balamce()
account.deposit(500.0)
account.withdraw(200.0)
account.display_balancr()
